feat: 54 add executions limit variable that can be defined both on a global level which applies to all the steps and on a DSL step level which overrides the global value. (#85)
buerokratt/Ruuter: samples/general/max-recursions.md

# Max recursions

The max recursions is for executing step a specific number of times and avoiding infinite loops. It can be specified for each step. When a step has reached its maximum recursions,

> Ruuter will continue from a next step that was not in a loop. Max recursions can also be defined in an application.yml, but that will apply to all the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ruuter will continue with the next step that has not yet reached its `maxRecursions` limit. Max recursions can also be defined in an application.yml, but that will apply to all the steps.
```
